government medical college may refer to one of several medical colleges in india:

jammu & kashmir
government medical college, anantnag
government medical college, baramulla
government medical college, doda
government medical college, jammu
government medical college, kathua
government medical college, rajouri
government medical college, srinagar

kerala
government medical college, ernakulam
government medical college, kannur
government medical college, kollam
government medical college, konni
government medical college, kottayam
government medical college, kozhikode
government medical college, manjeri
government medical college, palakkad
government medical college, thiruvananthapuram
government medical college, thrissur

maharashtra
government medical college, akola
government medical college, aurangabad
government medical college, baramati
government medical college, chandrapur
government medical college, gondia
government medical college, jalgaon
government medical college, latur
government medical college, miraj
government medical college, nagpur

rest of india
government medical college, amritsar
government medical college, anantapur
government medical college, azamgarh
government medical college, banda
government medical college, bettiah
government medical college, bhavnagar
government medical college, chandigarh
government medical college, haldwani
government medical college, jalaun
government medical college, kannauj
government medical college, karimnagar
government medical college, kota
government medical college, mahbubnagar
government medical college, nizamabad
government medical college, pali
government medical college, patiala
government medical college, raigarh
government medical college, rajnandgaon
government medical college, siddipet
government medical college, srikakulam
government medical college, surat